Update tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode.md (#15792)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode.md

- When you use TiDB Lightning with TiCDC, note the following:

    - TiCDC cannot capture the data inserted in the physical import mode.

- When you use TiDB Lightning with BR, note the following:

    - When BR backs up snapshots of tables that are being imported by TiDB Lightning, it might result in inconsistent backup data for those tables.

>     - When BR backs up data based on the AWS EBS volume snapshots, TiDB Lightning might fail to import data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - When BR backs up data using AWS EBS volume snapshots, TiDB Lightning might fail to import data.
```

>     - Snapshot backups by BR of tables being imported by Lightning may result in inconsistent backup data for those tables.
>     - BR performing backups based on AWS EBS volume snapshots may lead to data import failures via Lightning.
>     - Point-in-Time Recovery (PiTR) is incapable of backing up data imported by Lightning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - When BR backs up snapshots of tables that are being imported by TiDB Lightning, it might result in inconsistent backup data for those tables.
    - When BR backs up based on AWS EBS volume snapshots, it might lead to data import failure by TiDB Lightning.
    - Point-in-Time Recovery (PiTR) can not back up data imported by TiDB Lightning.
```

>     - Point-in-Time Recovery (PiTR) can not back up data imported by TiDB Lightning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Point-In-Time Recovery (PITR) can not back up data imported by TiDB Lightning.
```

>     - Point-In-Time Recovery (PITR) can not back up data imported by TiDB Lightning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Point-in-time recovery (PITR) can not back up data imported by TiDB Lightning.
```

>     - Point-in-time recovery (PITR) can not back up data imported by TiDB Lightning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Point-in-time recovery (PITR) cannot back up data imported by TiDB Lightning.
```
